README.md, before:

# Sovendus Voucher Network & Checkout Benefits Component for AngularJS

> [!WARNING]
> This component is built for the deprecated Angularjs, the component for Angular can be found [here](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Web-Integration/Angular-Component)

## Integrate into your AngularJS app

1. Download the Sovendus component from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sovendus-GmbH/Sovendus-Voucher-Network-and-Checkout-Benefits-Component-for-AngularJS/main/sovendus-banner.component.js) and add it into your AngularJS project / app folder
2. In the component replace myAppModuleName with your AngularJS app name
3. Import the component in your AngularJS app:
   ```html
   <script src="path/to/sovendus-banner.component.js"></script>
   ```
4. You can then use the component like with the following example:

   [Click here for detailed information on the parameters and which ones are required.](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Parameter)

   ```html
   <sovendus-banner
     traffic_source_number="YOUR_TRAFFIC_SOURCE_NUMBER"
     traffic_medium_number="YOUR_TRAFFIC_MEDIUM_NUMBER"
     session_id="session-1321"
     timestamp="1707132442"
     order_id="order-1234"
     order_value="12.6"
     order_currency="EUR"
     used_coupon_code="coupon-code-from-order"
     consumer_salutation="Mrs."
     consumer_first_name="Test"
     consumer_last_name="Tester"
     consumer_email="test@123.de"
     consumer_phone="+49155123456789"
     consumer_street="Street"
     consumer_street_number="12"
     consumer_city="City"
     consumer_country="DE"
     consumer_zipcode="45646"
     consumer_year_of_birth="1991"
     consumer_date_of_birth="01.12.2020"
   />
   ```

Commit message:

add disclaimer text to docs

README.md, after:

# Sovendus Voucher Network & Checkout Benefits Component for AngularJS

> [!WARNING]
> This component is built for the deprecated Angularjs, the component for Angular can be found [here](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Web-Integration/Angular-Component)

## Disclaimer

This plugin is released as open source under the GPL v3 license. We welcome bug reports and pull requests from the community. However, please note that the plugin is provided "as is" without any warranties or guarantees. It may not be compatible with all other plugins and could potentially cause issues with your store. We strongly recommend that you test the plugin thoroughly in a staging environment before deploying it to a live site. Furthermore, we do not promise future support or updates and reserve the right to discontinue support for the plugin at any time.

## Integrate into your AngularJS app

1. Download the Sovendus component from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Sovendus-GmbH/Sovendus-Voucher-Network-and-Checkout-Benefits-Component-for-AngularJS/main/sovendus-banner.component.js) and add it into your AngularJS project / app folder
2. In the component replace myAppModuleName with your AngularJS app name
3. Import the component in your AngularJS app:
   ```html
   <script src="path/to/sovendus-banner.component.js"></script>
   ```
4. You can then use the component like with the following example:

   [Click here for detailed information on the parameters and which ones are required.](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Parameter)

   ```html
   <sovendus-banner
     traffic_source_number="YOUR_TRAFFIC_SOURCE_NUMBER"
     traffic_medium_number="YOUR_TRAFFIC_MEDIUM_NUMBER"
     session_id="session-1321"
     timestamp="1707132442"
     order_id="order-1234"
     order_value="12.6"
     order_currency="EUR"
     used_coupon_code="coupon-code-from-order"
     consumer_salutation="Mrs."
     consumer_first_name="Test"
     consumer_last_name="Tester"
     consumer_email="test@123.de"
     consumer_phone="+49155123456789"
     consumer_street="Street"
     consumer_street_number="12"
     consumer_city="City"
     consumer_country="DE"
     consumer_zipcode="45646"
     consumer_year_of_birth="1991"
     consumer_date_of_birth="01.12.2020"
   />
   ```
